Update docs to use NVIDIA Sphinx theme (#23035)
rapidsai/cudf: docs/cudf/source/cudf/developer_guide/documentation.md

```

Each listed will automatically have its docstring rendered into a separate page.

> This layout comes from [NVIDIA Sphinx Theme](https://nvidia-sphinx-theme.readthedocs.io/).

Author: ```suggestion
This layout comes from [NVIDIA Sphinx Theme](https://pypi.org/project/nvidia-sphinx-theme/).
```
